Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 13]
One cannot choose their parents.
And things that are happening because
of factors out of my control
are not my responsibility.
I knew this would look good here, too.
Isn't it pretty?
I did a good job, right?
I used to think that my mom was
the prettiest person in the world.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Is it because I'm still pretty?
Mom always downgraded
herself for Dad's sake.
I'm happy...
because your dad
loves me so much.
What does it matter
if you're still pretty?
Of course it's important.
Stop it.
That's gross.
What's so gross about it, when
I'm your mom and you're my son?
I gave birth to you.
Do you think there's anyone in this world
who loves you more than I do?
Yeah, I think there is.
Hey.
No, there isn't.
Love between men and women
only last a short while.
I know that very, very well.
It's all over once you break up.
You know that so well, and yet
you choose to live your life like this?
What's wrong with how
I live my life?
Do you think that it's easy to be
happy, for even a short while?
Why do you have such
negative opinions about me?
I mean, I do admit that I've
caused a lot of trouble in the past.
But I'm not like that anymore.
Doesn't the child usually cause trouble
and the parent cleans up the mess?
But we don't have an
average relationship.
We're special.
It's so unique and nice,
don't you think?
[Mine]
Oh, it's Daniel.
I guess he's here.
Yeah, it's me.
Okay!
Yeah, I'm heading downstairs now.
The person she's lowering herself
for now is the man who just called her.
Not my dad.
What brings you here?
Ah.
[A French Chef's Comforting
and Delicious Food]
Yoon Seon showed this to me, saying
that you were featured in an article.
He's not the same dad I remember him
being when he was young.
Your younger siblings want to meet you.
Let's have a family get-together here
around the end of the year.
All right.
Your mother is doing well, I presume?
There are just some people
who aren't compatible.
Your mother and I were like that.
His excuse for his physical abuse
is just too pathetic.
I need to go now.
Don't sell the land that your
grandpa gave you.
I don't feel good when
I see my parents.
They make me feel uneasy.
And that is difficult for me.
And because it's difficult,
I avoid them.
I go a little overboard because
I don't want to avoid them.
And I suppress my desires because
I don't want to go overboard.
That is who I am.
[Temperature of Love]
The results were bad, and the director
is saying that the script is the issue
so there's nothing much
that I can do.
To be honest...
I'm scared.
Look forward.
That way, you'll be able to
get up again, even if you fall.
- Congratulations.
- Hyun Soo!
You submitted a script?
The broadcasting company is trying
to bring a new writer on board
and the actor left, saying that he
wouldn't participate in the shoot.
What are you hoping to accomplish by
meeting up with Shin Ha Rim at this hour?
What else? I have to get him
back on the set.
Do you think that'll be easy?
I'm sure it'll be hard.
That's why I'm going to him.
Ugh, you're at it again.
You're giving me the creeps.
Go. I'll leave after I see you
get into your car.
Oh, here it comes.
But, where are you headed?
I'm going to make my decision
after I make a call.
Did you get yourself a woman?
Huh?
Stop checking on whether or not I got
a woman, and get yourself one!
When are you finally going
to introduce me to your future wife?
Wait just a little bit.
It won't be much longer.
You're speaking like someone who's
already seeing someone.
Wait just a little longer.
[Ohn Jung Seon]
Hello?
Where are you?
At home.
Text me your address.
Why?
I ran into Jung Woo.
At the very least, we can wish
the best for each other.
I'm not going to cling to you
asking you to date me anymore.
So there's no need for you to
draw boundaries like this.
So, you're not going to
tell me your address, then?
Who said that I wasn't
going to tell you?
That's my outfit.
Oh, this is no good.
I should put some makeup on.
That'd be going totally overboard.
What is wrong with you?
Do you know what kind of
situation you're in?
Is it okay for you to be meeting with
a man in a situation like this?
Yeah, it's okay!
But the guy doesn't want
anything like that with you anymore.
I'm scared.
Hey, what are you doing?
You're scared?
What are you imagining?
I'm not imagining anything.
Did you have dinner?
Not yet.
Get some rest.
I'll make you something delicious.
[Good Soup]
Sorry. Something suddenly came up,
so I can't have dinner with you.
I thought you said that
you'd congratulate me.
I'll wait.
Sorry, don't wait up for me.
I'll make you something
delicious later.
Do you want to place your order?
No thanks, Soo Jung.
Would you like me to get you
anything while you wait, then?
No, I'm going to go.
I was at the studio this whole time.
I have instant rice, too.
Hm.
Do you have any cellophane
noodles, by any chance?
Wow!
Wow, that's amazing. This is all
from stuff that was in my fridge?
I told you, don't touch anything!
Come over and eat
when I'm done plating!
I can't do that.
What are you planning to do?
Ow, that's hot.
I have to save stuff like this
as a memory.
One, two, three!
It's nothing much, really.
Something that's nothing
to you, Chef Ohn Jung Seon
is something that is
quite special to me.
Okay.
You took a photo of that, too?
Of course! You're the one
who made it, after all.
All right, go ahead and tell me now.
I can't solve your problems,
but I'll lend you an ear.
Hm.
First, I'll tell you the
facts that I know
since I feel like they'll be difficult
for you to say yourself.
The broadcasting company
brought a new writer on board
- and the actor said he wouldn't...
- shoot, and he left the set.
The articles about it are quite
scathing, and so are the comments.
They're telling me to quit writing.
It makes me feel better to say the things
that are difficult to say myself.
Oh.
I see.
Yes, that's how it is.
That's why I'm miserable...
and sad...
and in pain.
If you want to cry, then cry.
Oh geez, then I'll really...
Oh, I'm crying.
Oh, someone's here.
I feel a bit better now.
Your emotions are so capricious.
Why are you here?
Come in, Hong Ah.
You must be lucky when it
comes to eating food.
Mr. Jung Seon made this food.
Isn't it amazing?
He used kimchi, frozen
dumplings, and sausages to...
Wow, you definitely seem chipper.
Oh... I forgot about it
for a bit.
Let's eat now.
Take a seat.
Is this your house?
Why are you telling me to sit?
I know about this house
better than you do.
Then sit, or stand.
Do as your please.
Where should I sit?
Um... you can sit wherever.
Hey, can't we make this
a bit saltier?
Kimchi stew tastes best
when it's spicy and salty.
No, it's nighttime.
Your face will be swollen tomorrow if
you eat something salty and spicy.
It's fine. I have nowhere to be tomorrow.
Where are you going?
I'll make you a salty and spicy
version with the leftovers.
No, stop it!
There's no need to do all that!
It's no big deal.
I'm leaving.
But you like spicy things, too.
Eat some before you go.
No, Hyun Soo.
I'll be leaving.
You look like you're in a bad mood.
Did something happen?
Yeah.
You and I should be feeling exactly
the opposite of how we're feeling now
based on our
current situations.
Are you sleeping over?
No.
Why are you answering for him?
You two suit each other.
Hey, why...
Step outside, all of you.
I have something to discuss
with Mr. Shin Ha Rim.
Hey, where do you think
you're going?
Sit down!
Who do you think you are,
telling them to leave?
Senior.
You have to go back to the set.
Wow, Jung Woo.
You sure have matured a lot, huh?
What are you doing?
Get out, already.
Hey, look at me.
Let go.
I'll overlook one slap
since you're older than me.
Take a seat.
Do you think I'll go just
because you're doing this?
I did some research
about you, Senior.
So what?
You think that'll scare me?
I saw that you hit someone with your
car while under the influence.
You think that you covered up
that incident, don't you?
But the victims don't feel
the same way you do.
It's a time bomb that will
explode sooner or later.
And I could be the one to
push the button.
[DF Ver] E13 Temperature of Love "What Are You Doing Here?"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Escort him to the set.
Even the tea is perfect.
Don't think about anything,
just get a good night's sleep.
Um...
Can I ask you something?
It may be a touchy subject, though.
Our restaurant is in the red.
What?
That wasn't what I was
going to ask you.
It's in the red?
What are you going to do?
Don't worry, I'll take care of it.
So, what did you want to ask?
About Hong Ah.
What kind of relationship
do you have with Hong Ah?
What do you mean, what kind of
relationship? We're friends.
Oh... friends, huh?
Are you sure that both of you
would agree with that sentiment?
What do you mean by that, exactly?
Neither one of you wants more
than just being friends?
Oh. Well, we've never talked about it.
But why would two friends
need to be in agreement of that fact?
It's not like we were dating,
and then broke up.
Yeah.
I feel the same way.
Yes, CEO Park?
What are you up to?
My friend came over, so
we're hanging out.
Wow, as to be expected of you.
Did something happen?
No, you two have fun.
I got Shin Ha Rim to
go back to the set.
Oh, really?
That's great!
Sweet dreams, then!
"Sweet dreams"?
Was that Jung Woo?
Seems like he got Shin Ha Rim
back to the set.
How did you know?
I should get going now, too.
Okay.
Thanks so much for today.
For what?
I don't want to say.
Ow!
Are you happy?
So, the thing that "suddenly came up"
was plans with Hyun Soo?
How could you do this to me?
After all I did for you?
And what did you do, exactly?
I've never told you to
do anything for me.
So?
Are you saying that
what you did was right?
I already apologized to you
for canceling our plans.
If you're getting mad at me for ditching
you to see Hyun Soo, I understand.
You understand?
Then why are you so unapologetic?
People have these things
in life called priorities.
You were pushed aside by
a greater priority.
I don't understand! Why should
I be a lesser priority than Hyun Soo?
Everyone else is a lesser
priority to me than Hyun Soo.
You know how I feel about you.
You know why I hang
around you so much.
And you know how I feel, too.
I've never done anything to indicate
otherwise, as far as I can remember.
Have I?
No.
I take no responsibility
for how you feel.
You have to take responsibility
for your own feelings.
Stop emotionally abusing me.
"Abuse"?
My love is abuse to you?
Hey, you son of a bitch!
Is that all you can say?
Can't you be a bit nicer to me about it?
I have sympathy for you.
We can still get along, as long
as you don't cross the line.
You...
Do you know what kind of day
today was, for me?
Today, I got what I wanted
more than anything else.
And I wanted you to be the
first one to congratulate me!
And yet, you're being
this cruel to me?
Can't you just lie?
You can't even lie for my sake?
I thought you said you had
sympathy for me.
Is this all your sympathy
amounts to?
I'll make you regret how you treated me.
I'll make you see just how
foolish you were to not choose me.
[To: Min Yi Bok]
[Hwangbo Kyung]
[Ji Hong Ah]
[Park Jung Woo]
[Foul Detective Episode 9 Script]
[Your email has been sent.]
[Won Joon]
Yeah, Won Joon?
I saw I had a missed call from you.
I have an interview for an article today
so I need you to take care
of the morning prep.
You sure are busy, Chef.
It's all because of business
arrangements, Sous Chef.
We'll be doing the interview
at Good Soup, though.
I'll make the coffee.
Just sit down and enjoy the coffee
I made, for the first time in a while.
Hyun Soo.
Why did you send out the script
for episode 9?
Another writer is already working on it.
I thought about it objectively.
Even though they were assigned to
it so suddenly, they made the story flow.
I don't know who the writer is
but it'll be easier for them
to write if they have my script.
Why'd you go through
all that trouble?
Come on, Hyun Soo!
Here, drink up.
It is really good.
It already smells amazing.
Oh, I think it's Hong Ah.
Writer Ji!
What brings you here?
It's rare to see you come in
so early in the morning.
I came to get my things.
Oh... really?
Yeah, Hyun Soo.
I can't be an assistant
writer anymore, after all.
Hey, but still!
It's not like you'll start working
on something right away.
How can you just
leave like this?
I haven't been much help to Hyun Soo
despite being here all this time, anyway.
That's true, but...
it's kind of not right for you to drop
out now, in the middle of all this!
No, Hong Ah.
Go ahead and do that.
Do what you want to do.
"Do what you want to do" isn't
the same as "it's okay if you leave."
You want to hear me to tell you that
it's okay for you to leave?
I'll... I'll help you.
No, I'll take care of it.
I don't want to hear you say
that I took advantage of you.
What?
What's wrong with you?
Seriously?
Aren't you being a bit too much?
No, not at all.
Life is about taking the path
that's best for you.
Who will help me if I lose my chance
because I'm too busy
considering someone else's feelings?
You should say that kind of thing after
you've actually been considerate.
It's not like you've
ever been considerate.
You need to get your head on straight.
Judging from how things are going,
Hyun Soo will be fired soon.
Come with me.
What?
I'll pay you more than
what Hyun Soo pays you.
Be my assistant writer.
Wow.
Leave, you wench!
I was trying to understand you since
we spent all that time together.
But I really can't understand you!
Never mind, then!
Why are you freaking out so much?
Hey, aren't you taking this?
[Rooibos & Lemongrass]
It's not good to get
addicted to anything.
Just because you like
the tea I blended for you
doesn't mean you should be so
dependent on it to help you fall asleep.
You and Hyun Soo can drink it.
You were always so selfish about
sharing it no matter how much I begged
so why are you being nice
all of the sudden?
Is this truly an act of
kindness, I wonder?
I'll be leaving now,
Hyun Soo.
We need to talk.
Can you step out for a second, Kyung?
Um, sure.
Just a moment.
Talk about what?
I'm tired because I couldn't
sleep at all last night.
There's something that
I was curious about.
Do you really need to keep me here
to satiate your curiosity
when I just told you that I'm tired?
Why are you being so hostile?
You've been like this since you came
to my house last night.
Is Mr. Jung Seon part of the reason why
you're acting like this?
Why would Jung Seon be part of
the reason why I feel like this?
Because everything you've done to me...
makes perfect sense if
you like Mr. Jung Seon.
Why would I like someone like him?
Do you think he and I suit each other?
I think that you two suit each other
well in every way.
If Mr. Jung Seon likes you too, that is.
Did he tell you everything, and
how he turned me down?
And did he tell you not to
worry because of that?
You're so terrible.
You don't care at all about how I feel
just because Jung Seon likes you?
Do you not care about our
friendship at all
just because you've gone
crazy over some man?
- Hong Ah!
- Well, you've won!
You've one-upped me in
every way now.
But things will be different
from now on.
- Less flash, please.
- All right.
- Don't be so nervous, Chef.
- Ah.
- Min Ho!
- Yes?
Can you make the macadamia puree?
You saw me do it last time.
Yes, I can do it.
There's no way he'd be able
to do it already.
He can do it.
Min Ho is smart.
They say birds of a feather
flock together. Idiots.
Ugh, you jerk.
I bet 10,000 won
that Min Ho can do it!
Hey!
Are you punks messing around right now?
Are you not putting your heart and souls
into this because Chef Ohn isn't here?
How many times do I have to tell you
that the heart behind the food
constitutes 50 percent of its taste?
Huh?
How do I use this?
Aw, yes!
I did it!
Do... do this properly, got it?
- Yes, sir!
This is our Ms. Im Soo Jung,
our sommelier.
I scouted her.
I think there's a great synergy
between your dishes, Chef
based on the reviews
on your restaurant.
But to me, the dishes all
felt so fresh and new.
Thank you.
My dishes aim to showcase
the real flavor of the ingredients
so my food doesn't try to
stimulate the taste buds too much.
Therefore, the taste of the
food can seem a bit unfamiliar.
But when I go home, I find
myself thinking about it.
Please be sure to have lunch here
before you leave, Ms. Reporter.
I'd love to.
You're doing so well!
Did you think that we wouldn't be able
to manage without you, Chef?
Here we are, all done!
What temperature
did you blend this at?
Do we have any leftovers of the
puree that Sous Chef Won Joon made?
Ah, yes. I do.
If you blend this at a high temperature,
the bottom part will get burned and stick
and if you keep blending it,
it turns out like this.
It's completely different than the
one that Chef Won Joon made, right?
Yes.
If you don't know how to do it,
then just ask.
It's good to ask questions.
It shows that you're interested.
Yes, sir.
The kitchen is a place where all of us
work together happily.
Everyone must be respected.
Respect!
- Respect!
All right, let's get started now!
Subtitles by DramaFever